# Day-1

## Thought

I have been hearing about Machine Learning, AI, LLMs, AI agents, chatbots etc for quite some time. With some of my friends actively persuing excellence (and business) in this field, I always felt curious to know more about these beyound basic concept of "What".

My first attempt to start in ML/AI field was from couple of years back when I purchased "Machine Learning" course by "Andrew NG" on Coursera and completing it till receiving certification. The next step was to setup a real world project or rather any project from Kaggle and implement a working model. This step proved too challenging to me and I gave up after procastinating for few months.

So this time, taking inspiration from the same friend, I decided to get my hands dirty from day-1 and decided to build an AI agent.
(Side note: the idea to write a few lines daily is also copied from same friend)

## How did I start?

So I wanted to start building an AI agent, so I natually went to YouTube and searched "build an AI agent", from the given list of searched result, I selected one with title "The Complete Guide to Building AI Agents for Beginners" and clicked play.

Probably too naieve of me to think that a ~27 min long video would walk through building an AI agent.

To give credit to the video creator, he did start with explaining various terms/jargons. I hoped that it would transition in to project setup and building a very basic "hello world" equivalnt of AI agent. To my disappointment, it turned out to be a marketing video his AI agent building company and framework.
But at least I got to know few terms to google/chatGPT and learn more.

## Terms Learnt

1. Multiagent framework.
2. AutoGen by Microsoft
3. crewAI
4. Agent hallucination.

Additionally, while setting up this project, I learnt the short-cut for checking the preview of .md file on VS-code. It's **ctrl + shift + v**

Let's search and let's learn.
